Don't say groups are disabled (#1309)
matrix-org/matrix.org: gatsby/content/blog/2022/04/2022-04-05-synapse-1.56.mdx

Now that spaces have been out of beta for some time, and have shown to be a very
useful feature to the ecosystem, we decided it was time to retire support for
groups from Synapse, after more than 4 years of good and loyal service. This

> release of Synapse deprecates the feature, with a plan to completely remove it
> in Synapse 1.58 (which is expected to be released next month).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
release of Synapse deprecates the feature, with a plan to disable it by default
in Synapse 1.58 (which is expected to be released next month).
```

Reviewer: For cross-linking, see https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse/pull/12344 which will land in v1.58.0.
